System's Main Functionality 
The first thing we want to do is to determine the  benefit expected to be gained from the system. 
Please write the name of the main process which provides the benefit. 
It should end with a verb in the gerund form, i.e., end with “ing”. 
What is the main process of the system? 
Beneficiary Group 
A beneficiary is a stakeholder who extracts value and benefits from the system. 
Who is the beneficiary of the system? 
*Note: An OPM object must be singular. To express plural, for inanimate objects use the suffix Set, and for humans use Group. 
The beneficiary group has an attribute that will be defined in the next stage.. 
Beneficiary Attribute 
The beneficiary attribute is an attribute that describes how the beneficiary group benefits from the system. 
What is the beneficiary attribute of the system? 
The Main Process changes the Beneficiary Attribute from its input 
(current) state (short-term) to its output (desired) state (long-term). 
What is the input state? 
And the output state? 
Agent 
The agent, is a human or a group of humans who enable the transforming process. 
The agent may or may not be the same person or group as the Beneficiary. 
Select 
Is the beneficiary of the system also the system agent? Yes 
If there are more enablers write them here 
*The wizard is limited to only 3 handlers, separated by "Enter". 
System Name 
The system is the instrument that enables the transforming process to occur. 
The default system name is the name of the main process. 
(transforming) followed by the word system. Alternatively, you can write your own name. 
Please write the name of the system 
The main process (transforming) is an operation (feature) of the system. 
Instrument 
An instrument is an enabler of the transforming process. 
Instruments are needed throughout the duration of the process, but when the process is o the same state as they were when the process started. 
What instruments are required for the transforming process? 
*OPM things must be singular. Use "Set" for inanimate things or "Group" for humans. 
*The wizard is limited to only 3 tools separated by "Enter". 
Some of the tools are physical, you can choose them here: Select 
Input 
Inputs are the objects that the process consumes. 
What are the inputs of the process? 
*The wizard is limited to only 3 inputs separate by "Enter". 
*If there is one input that is affected by the main process, it should be defined later as an output. 
Sta 
Output 
The transforming process creates, affects or changes the output of the system. 
Is the output also an input? 
What is the output of the system? 
The system Select the output. 
Environmental Objects 
Some of the objects may be "environmental": 
They are external to the system. 
Electric energy is an example of an environmental object in a "Pizza Making" process. 
You can choose the environmental objects from the objects that you created: 
Select 
